README.md, before:

# Awesome Browser Extensions for SEO [![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

This is a curated list of awesome SEO-related Chrome/browser extensions. For contributions please check [this](https://github.com/Awesome-SEO/seo-browser-extensions/blob/master/CONTRIBUTIONS.md).

<content>
To learn more or install an extension, click the labels `Chrome`, `Firefox`, etc.


## On-Page SEO

- **SEO Minion** helps you in your daily SEO tasks such as On-Page SEO analysis, Broken Link Checking, SERP Preview and more `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ahrefs-seo-toolbar/hgmoccdbjhknikckedaaebbpdeebhiei) [`Firefox`](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/seo-minion/)

- **SEO Tool Extension** - SEO Keyword Research and Content Optimization Tools. Meta Tags Checker, SEO Title & SEO Keyword Optimizer. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/seo-tool-extension-meta-%20/ilcppocoelkoplmgkffgdnfgngibpici) <!--<img src="/images/SEO-Chrome-Extensions/seo-tool-extension.jpg" alt="Preview of the SEO Tool Extension" style="max-height: 250px;">-->

- **Link Checker Extension** - Link checker extension to analyse all links on the current page. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/free-backlink-checker-by/nifeadedgedikheglfngocdgfidiiimi/) [`Firefox`](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/free-backlink-checker-by-lrt) <!--<img src="/images/SEO-Chrome-Extensions/link-research-checker.png" alt="Demo of Link Checker Extension" style="max-height: 250px;">-->

- [**PageExplorer**](https://pageexplorer.net) - Connects to Google, gets your Google Search Console data and helps you understand it page-by-page. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pageexplorer/bddlccnclehmmpgmkhboflgpanfijicj) [`Firefox`](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/pageexplorer/) <!--<img src="/images/SEO-Chrome-Extensions/page-explorer.png" alt="Screenshot of PageExplorer Chrome Extension" style="max-height: 250px;">-->


## SERP Enhancement

- **Ubersuggest Chrome Extension** - the Ubersuggest Chrome Extension shows you actionable SEO metrics in Google/YouTube/Amazon search results. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ubersuggest/nmpgaoofmjlimabncmnmnopjabbflegf)

- **Link Research Toolbar** - adds various SEO metrics such as link strength and trust to Google search results. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/link-research-seo-toolbar/eagkigdnclikabndlojagifehppodooi/) [`Firefox`](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/link-research-seo-toolbar/) <!--<img src="/images/SEO-Chrome-Extensions/link-research-toolbar.png" alt="SEO Toolbar Preview" style="max-height: 250px;">-->


## Social Media

- **CrowdTangle Link Checker** - the CrowdTangle Link Checker shares collected insights about social media activity about the current page. Requires Facebook sign-in. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/crowdtangle-link-checker/klakndphagmmfkpelfkgjbkimjihpmkh)


## Google My Business

- **GMB Spy** - GMB Spy allows you to see your competitors Google My Business (GMB) categories on Google Maps. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gmbspy/hijfnlgdhfpmnckieikhinolopcolofe)

- **GMB Insights Downloader** - Allows you to download insights from Google My Business (GMB). `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/easy-gmb-insights-downloa/imoioechhbofpmjjkcdalahngimajehl)


</content>

## Please Note

This repo will be syned to the related page on [browserextension.dev](https://browserextension.dev/seo-chrome-extensions) ([GitHub for browserextension.dev](https://github.com/spekulatius/browserextension.dev/)) occasionally.

Commit message:

Adding note about SEO bookmarklets in

README.md, after:

# Awesome Browser Extensions for SEO [![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

This is a curated list of awesome SEO-related Chrome/browser extensions. [SEO bookmarklets](https://github.com/Awesome-SEO/seo-bookmarklets) might be of interest too. For contributions please check [this](https://github.com/Awesome-SEO/seo-browser-extensions/blob/master/CONTRIBUTIONS.md).

<content>
To learn more or install an extension, click the labels `Chrome`, `Firefox`, etc.


## On-Page SEO

- **SEO Minion** helps you in your daily SEO tasks such as On-Page SEO analysis, Broken Link Checking, SERP Preview and more `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ahrefs-seo-toolbar/hgmoccdbjhknikckedaaebbpdeebhiei) [`Firefox`](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/seo-minion/)

- **SEO Tool Extension** - SEO Keyword Research and Content Optimization Tools. Meta Tags Checker, SEO Title & SEO Keyword Optimizer. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/seo-tool-extension-meta-%20/ilcppocoelkoplmgkffgdnfgngibpici) <!--<img src="/images/SEO-Chrome-Extensions/seo-tool-extension.jpg" alt="Preview of the SEO Tool Extension" style="max-height: 250px;">-->

- **Link Checker Extension** - Link checker extension to analyse all links on the current page. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/free-backlink-checker-by/nifeadedgedikheglfngocdgfidiiimi/) [`Firefox`](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/free-backlink-checker-by-lrt) <!--<img src="/images/SEO-Chrome-Extensions/link-research-checker.png" alt="Demo of Link Checker Extension" style="max-height: 250px;">-->

- [**PageExplorer**](https://pageexplorer.net) - Connects to Google, gets your Google Search Console data and helps you understand it page-by-page. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pageexplorer/bddlccnclehmmpgmkhboflgpanfijicj) [`Firefox`](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/pageexplorer/) <!--<img src="/images/SEO-Chrome-Extensions/page-explorer.png" alt="Screenshot of PageExplorer Chrome Extension" style="max-height: 250px;">-->


## SERP Enhancement

- **Ubersuggest Chrome Extension** - the Ubersuggest Chrome Extension shows you actionable SEO metrics in Google/YouTube/Amazon search results. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ubersuggest/nmpgaoofmjlimabncmnmnopjabbflegf)

- **Link Research Toolbar** - adds various SEO metrics such as link strength and trust to Google search results. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/link-research-seo-toolbar/eagkigdnclikabndlojagifehppodooi/) [`Firefox`](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/link-research-seo-toolbar/) <!--<img src="/images/SEO-Chrome-Extensions/link-research-toolbar.png" alt="SEO Toolbar Preview" style="max-height: 250px;">-->


## Social Media

- **CrowdTangle Link Checker** - the CrowdTangle Link Checker shares collected insights about social media activity about the current page. Requires Facebook sign-in. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/crowdtangle-link-checker/klakndphagmmfkpelfkgjbkimjihpmkh)


## Google My Business

- **GMB Spy** - GMB Spy allows you to see your competitors Google My Business (GMB) categories on Google Maps. `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gmbspy/hijfnlgdhfpmnckieikhinolopcolofe)

- **GMB Insights Downloader** - Allows you to download insights from Google My Business (GMB). `FREE` [`Chrome`](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/easy-gmb-insights-downloa/imoioechhbofpmjjkcdalahngimajehl)


</content>

## Please Note

This repo will be syned to the related page on [browserextension.dev](https://browserextension.dev/seo-chrome-extensions) ([GitHub for browserextension.dev](https://github.com/spekulatius/browserextension.dev/)) occasionally.
